you know what is it a good time? Thio express personal relationships or
personal history with your team. Let's say you can always go have
a cup of coffee with you leading to Petty Officer dolls are leading
any officer you know, within the first week when you're trying, when
you got a board and you spied harm, head to your team. Okay? You're
going to sit down, have a cup of coffee and discuss, You know, the
past Would you believe is the person you need to know is the person
who you believe is that person still aboard the ship? If the person
is still aboard the ship, you need to know that. So you could go ask
that person. What did he or she like? What he or she accomplished what
he or she leave unaccomplished. You're going to arrest. Get it out.
You'll only find that out by talking to you. We didn't You, Betty?
Awesome. So that's one of things that you could dio is is talk to
them